  My name is ____________ and I am from _____ . 
  As you may know that our country belongs to a very poor countries .
  As a student i do not have any special source of income But things get even worse when you are a student .
  All my expenditures are taken care of by my parents.
  It's really impossible for me to pay for this course. 
  Financial Aid will help me take this certificate without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. 
  I want to take this certificate Coursera as it will help me in my career and help me get a ggod job for a better future .
  I can barely feed myself and pay for a dorm with the money i have . 
  For me it seems impossible to pay for the certificate by myself . 
  My parents can't help me much . 
  I would say the main reason I ' m asking you for the Financial Aid is that i really want the certificate for my career but
  i just can't afford it beacuse of my financial condition . Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of 
  job opportunities , which in turn will help me in my career . I really wanted to take this certificate but couldn't afford 
  it hence i decided to apply for financial aid the financial aid will help me take the certificate and it would be really 
  really helpful for my future.





 i have always been very interested in learning more about computers and how they work. I strongly believe that making 
 your job a hobby will allow you to reach to a very high place. This believe has helped me a lot during my studying and 
 I hope will help in future. As I have already mentioned I want to make my specialty to be my hobby (and vice versa). I'm 
 really interested in taking getting the stanford machine learning certificate, since this is one of the topics which I
 will face in future when I am employed on full time basis as a Machine Learning specialist. Taking this certificate will 
 really giva a mojor boost to my career and resume . All major software companies recruit on the basis of certificates and
 getting it  will help me get a good job in the long term as well as a good grade in my college courses. 
 
